Add missing Knowledge Checks, Learning Outcomes, and Knowledge Check links to Ruby on Rails/Views (#23103)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: rails_programming/rails_basics/views.md

* [Stack Overflow Post on Views](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14429910/an-alternate-explanation-to-rails-layouts-rendering-partials-templates-and-v)
* [Video on the Relationship Between Views and Controllers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRJSovhdzWc&ab_channel=GoRails)
* [Video on ERB Tags](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na28woOGPUw&ab_channel=NoobandTube) - (this video will require you to turn your volume up)

### Knowledge Check
This section contains questions for you to check your understanding of this lesson. If you’re having trouble answering the questions below on your own, review the material above to find the answer.

* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="#how-do-preprocessors-work">How do you make sure a preprocessor runs on your view file?</a>
* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="#preprocessors">What is the difference between `<%`, `<%=` and `<%#`? </a>

> * <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/layouts_and_rendering.html#understanding-yield">What exactly does `<%= yield %>` "yields" in `application.hmtl.erb`?</a>

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure what this question is asking. I assume it's asking what `yield` does, but the phrasing used is a bit confusing.

Author: Would it be more clear if I change "yield" to "return"?
The question is there to check if they grasp the how the layout and the view-file are intertwined.

Reviewer: Yes I think that "return" is a clearer word here than "yields", or maybe something like "What does `yield` do in a layout"?

It doesn't have to be that exactly, I just suggest it because I think it's in the same spirit as your question. If we don't seem to be on the same page though tell me what the answer to the question as you've formulated it here is as that will probably help me understand.

Author: The answer to the question would be - if I paraphrase literally from the Rails source: 

> yield identifies a section where content from the view should be inserted

For me this is pretty trivial now, but out of my experience I know those first chapters of the Rails course are pretty hard to grasp.

Reviewer: What do you think of phrasing it something like:

"What does including `<%= yield %>` in a layout do?"

Author: It's a done deal.

* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/layouts_and_rendering.html#using-partials">Why do we use partials?</a>

> * <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/layouts_and_rendering.html#rendering-collections">What is the shortcut for rendering a collection in a partial?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/layouts_and_rendering.html#rendering-collections">What is the shortcut for rendering a collection as a series of partials?</a>
```
Since when using this method partials are rendered once for each item in the collection I believe that this phrasing is more accurate.

Author: True!
